 Hi!
 hi there! what's up
 just chilling at home
 Cool !unlike here, me rushing to work
 where do you work?
 Mountain View, you?
 I live in Sapporo, Japan. Where is Mountain View
 it's in sunny California
 how's living in Japan?
 it's nice I guess 🙂 lots of great food. Have you been to Sapporo or Hokkaido?
 I wish! ramen is my favorite dish and Sapporo is a special beer
 haha yeah. I think they have a Hokkaido ramen chain available in the US.
 oh wow, didn't know that. have you been to the US?
 yeah. I studied English there for a while. Awesome experience
 awesome! where have you been?
 I went to New York city
 you like it?
 it's amazing. the buildings are so tall and there's a lot of diversity of cultures
 yea, same here. I love Broadway shows in New York city.
 Hi!
 hey, what's up?
 How was the trip last weekend?
 it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.
 Nice, what all places did you cover?
 Vietnam and Hongkong 🙂 did you go any where last weekend?
 I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
 ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?
 True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
 I love Italian, especially Pasta!
 Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)
 can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? 🙂
 Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
 not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!
 Hi!
 Hey! How have you been
 great! just came back from a ski trip
 How was it? What trails did you ski on?
 I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha
 a resort in Montreal
 Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it
 Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here
 Did you go anywhere else in montreal?
 I visited a few places like the Stade Olympique: <REDACTED_LINK>
 Oh cool! I've always wanted to attend the Olympics As a viewer of course I watch a lot of Olympic figure skating on Youtube
 yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?
 Barely I don't think I can, in conscience, call it that I kind of just pull myself along the sides
 haha same. It's pretty scary when I run out of things to hold
 Are you good at <REDACTED_TERM>?
 not at all, but I want to practice more alright. I gotta go!
 Okay! It was nice talking to you
 I liked talking to you too!
 Hi!
 yo! what brought you here
 Just looking to chat. Yourself?
 yea I enjoy talking to people. what are you up to?
 I am just enjoying a cigar at the moment. How about yourself?
 oh wow, Cuban cigar? I've never smoke before
 This one is actually from Peru, which is more my taste. Smoking isn't very healthy, but it's actually quite relaxing, which in a way is good for your health. haha
 you made me wanna try it but I doubt about the health part haha
 haha "You only live once" as they say!
 yea I wish we can live more
 haha, that is not what I was getting at, but yes that would be nice. Do you believe in reincarnation?
 yea but then you will forget things. I hope Neural Link work out
 Do you think Neural Link will allow you to live after death? I thought it was just a brain-computer interface.
 as long as you can dump your brain and resume from there
 Ahh I see. That is a much harder task, no?
 yea you can first dump your brain and wait until technology advances to wake up 🙂 don't you believe?
 Hi!
 Hi! How are you
 Hi, can you recommend some good netflix shows?
 I really enjoyed White Collar on Netflix do you watch a lot of TV shows
 Not a lot! But I preparing for a good vacation season 🙂 What is white collar about?
  It's a show about a detective and con artist solving crimes together 🙂 What shows do you like
 Hehe! sounds very interesting 🙂 I only see shows belonging to few genre's .. like easy going light comedy, or phychological thrillers 🙂 also some manga based series like one punch man! love it! 
 Oh cool! I've watched some anime before too
 which anime do you follow?
  I think the last one I watched was Promised Neverland and Kakegurui but I don't follow any right now
 Have you seen Rick and Morty ?
 Yup! I watch that show with my friends I haven't gotten very far in it though What about you
 Oh nice! I heard its latest season arrived last month. I have watched all previous seasons. Its a total mind bender 🙂
 I've seen a couple episodes from the latest season. It's really random and weird but also strangely relatable which is why I like it :)
 Hi!
 Hey there!
 How's life?
 can't complain. work is going well and I had a tasty fish for lunch
 lol which cafe? let me guess. <REDACTED_TERM>?
 haha yeah
 What is your favoriate cuisine? My favorite food is Chinese. What about you?
 I love Hunan
 Hmm you like spicy food. Nice
 love it. specially spicy stir fried lamb
 I would recommend Hunan Impression which has very good Hunan cruisine. Not sure if you have tried it or not
 I think I haven't yet. Thanks! Have you tried 留湘 I think that's how you write it
 Yeah of course The fun fact is that the owner of <REDACTED_TERM> used to run <REDACTED_TERM>
 oh interesting I also like Easterly
 same former owner?? 🙂
 Hmm!!
 Hi!
 Morning! How are you?
 I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?
 I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?
 I don't have any special plans. I will just stay at home with my family. How come you have to work on Christmas?
 I traveled a lot the last few months so I'm currently making up for it!
 I see. Where did you go?
 Mozambique! You ever been?
 I have not. I have only been to Uganda in Africa.
 What did you do in Uganda? Travelling to Uganda is an extreme sport depending on where you go.
 I was working on a volunteer project to build a school and I traveled around a bit by myself after. It was more than 10 years ago, so it must have changed a lot.
 Was the project through a church group?
 No, it was using a non-profit organization. They do these kinds of volunteer projects all over the world.
 Oh nice. What is it called? I've always meant to volunteer through one but I haven't had it in my radar yet.
 It was called IJGD. It's a German organization, but they have local partners all over the world. I was living in Germany at the time.
 You lived in Germany? I almost went to college there and decided to come to America instead.
 Yes, I grew up in Germany.
 I grew up in Computers.
 Hi!
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm doing great. what are you up to?
 I was just reading a book actually How about you?
 oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?
 I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha
 that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?
 I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?
 I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books 😞 a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel
 What's the book about?
 it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
 Cool! Are you thinking about starting a startup?
 I might in the future. the philosophy in the book also help for other things as well, e.g., in research, you might also want to be contrarian
 I see; seems like an interesting read! 🙂
 yup!
 Hi! How are you doing today?
 I'm doing great how are you??
 I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea
 are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
 I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
 I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
 I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
 that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
 Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more 🙂 If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
 I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
 Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
 hahaha that's a great way to put it
 You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!
 Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!
 See ya!
 Hi!
 Hey!
 how's week so far?
 pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
 Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
 yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
 Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>
 ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
 largely scifi How about you?
 yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
 I haven't what is it about?
 the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
 how do the survivors survive such a thing?
 they go into space and they live there
 sounds like a tv show I watched
 really? which one
 can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space
 ah nice
 Hi!
 Hello!
 There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?
 what does a volunteer do?
 Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!
 That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well
 Great! Do you have any preference for any of these events?
 I think badminton would be fun to help out with I used to play it with my siblings
 Cool! I will add you for the event. I think its best to start discussing the format of the event. There are a couple of other volunteers for badminton, i can connect you with them.
 Ah, I forgot to ask, has there been a date picked?
 Its next saturday. Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.
 That's coming up soon!
 True! The volunteers have already sent out some emails and collected some funds. Now, we mainly need help with the logistics and organizing the event.
 Phew, yes I can help with that
 Perfect! We have a meeting today at 4.30 pm. Is it fine if i add you to it?
 yes happy to help
 Hi!
 Hello there!
 How has your morning been thus far?
 Its alright. Went grocery shopping and got to stroll around in the rain. How about you?
 Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now.
 Oh, you mean going through a lot of work? I usually take Wednesdays off because I work the weekends!
 WHAT? Why would you do that? Take the least interesting day of the week off and work on the most interesting?
 I actually don't have a choice. I'm an acupuncturist and all my clients want to be treated on the weekend!
 Wow. The game is brutal like that. I've always been sceptical of acupuncture. Like...does it even work? Why? How? Where is the literature?
 I went to school for it and so I find the literature quite convincing. I've also seen its benefits firsthand in my practice. It revolves around the Chinese notion of Qi.
 Lol. Bro...I don't buy it unless it has a paper that was presented at a conference and peer reviewed by 6 independent parties. Who wrote the literature? Where did it originate?
 Haha. All good questions! I don't have studies on hand at the moment, but perhaps I can send some to you later! What do you do for work?
 I'm a comic.
 Oh wow! What's your best joke?
 It's not appropriate to say here but I assure you it's VERY funny.
 Haha fantastic
 Hi!
 Oh hey. How's your day been?
 It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?
 The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.
 Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?
 I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.
 hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??
 All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.
 Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?
 Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.
 Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?
 Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.
 Hmmm, yes I have heard that. Apparently most mountain climbers fall not on the most dangerous routes, but on the easier routes, when their guard is down! Sounds like the same psychological phenomenon.
 Yes, it's the same philosophy. You seem to know a lot about mountain climbing. Do you climb a lot?
 I'm pretty amateur! I like to climb at indoor climbing gyms and have never gone outside on dangerous routes actually. Ever tried it yourself?
 I climb very occasionally. My fingertips are not strong enough so I never make too much progress.
 Hi!
 hi, what's up!
 Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?
 I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!
 Do you have interesting plans?
 yea I'm travelling to Vancouver this weekend. what about you? 🙂
 Nice! What for? It's a really beautiful place. Really cold this time of year though.
 ah a mix of both conference and sight-seeing 🙂 anything beautiful sight-seeing places or good food I should try?
 Cool. Which conference? I saw on Twitter the other day, some people saying they were denied visas for some conference in Canada. Perhaps it's the same one. I really liked this place called Kingyo. It has good Japanese food if you're into that.
 yea it's <REDACTED_TERM>, the largest machine learning conference. I'll check out Kingyo, do we need to make reservation in advance?
 I don't recall. My friend was hosting me and did all the leg work. Do you know any people in the area?
 hmm not the local people but there will be tons of people at the conference 🙂
 You attend these often?
 yea, you?
 I love you!
 Sorry I am not a physical being!
 Hi!
 Hello!
 Have you had lunch yet?
 Yes I've eaten
 Cool. Where and what did you eat?
 I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha
 A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.
 thats a lot of meat what dish? Why are you consideringt o go vetegarian?
 Cause the environment and humans suck. I'm keeping my bets open for space though in case the environment dies. I mixed up a couple of dishes. It was a buffet style place.
 What do you think of those meatless burgers then?
 I love them!!!! I've had a couple of different kinds. They are all pretty expensive though. Have you tried them?
 I really like the impossible burger Which one is your favorite?
 I love it too. But depending on how it's prepared you can taste the peanut butter. But if prepared well I love it. What kind of food would you have eaten if it wasn't rainy?
 I didn't know that it had peanut butter in it
 Hi!
 hi
 How are you feeling today?
 pretty good. How about you?
 I'm looking through some old photos of my home town, so I'm feeling nostalgic.
 I feel you. Memeories always flood when looking at photos. Where is your hometown?
 It's called <REDACTED_TERM>, on the north coast of France.
 Hope you can take some time to visit pretty soon!
 Yes, that would be nice. Do you like travelling?
 Yes I do. But haven’t been to many places yet
 Where would you most like to go, if you could?
 Fly to the moon :) Haha
 Wow, cool! I think space tourism is going to be big in a decade or so.
 Yep! I believe there is a day for that
Amazing to think about, isn't it